@node ax_cflags_warn_all
@unnumberedsec ax_cflags_warn_all

@majorheading Synopsis

@smallexample
AX_CFLAGS_WARN_ALL   [(shellvar [,default, [A/NA]])]
AX_CXXFLAGS_WARN_ALL [(shellvar [,default, [A/NA]])]
AX_FCFLAGS_WARN_ALL  [(shellvar [,default, [A/NA]])]
@end smallexample

@majorheading Description

Try to find a compiler option that enables most reasonable warnings.

For the GNU compiler it will be -Wall (and -ansi -pedantic) The result
is added to the shellvar being CFLAGS, CXXFLAGS, or FCFLAGS by default.

Currently this macro knows about the GCC, Solaris, Digital Unix, AIX,
HP-UX, IRIX, NEC SX-5 (Super-UX 10), Cray J90 (Unicos 10.0.0.8), and
Intel compilers.  For a given compiler, the Fortran flags are much more
experimental than their C equivalents.

@smallexample
 - $1 shell-variable-to-add-to : CFLAGS, CXXFLAGS, or FCFLAGS
 - $2 add-value-if-not-found : nothing
 - $3 action-if-found : add value to shellvariable
 - $4 action-if-not-found : nothing
@end smallexample

NOTE: These macros depend on AX_APPEND_FLAG.

@majorheading Source Code

Download the
@uref{http://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=autoconf-archive.git;a=blob_plain;f=m4/ax_cflags_warn_all.m4,latest
version of @file{ax_cflags_warn_all.m4}} or browse
@uref{http://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=autoconf-archive.git;a=history;f=m4/ax_cflags_warn_all.m4,the
macro's revision history}.

@majorheading License

@w{Copyright @copyright{} 2008 Guido U. Draheim @email{guidod@@gmx.de}} @* @w{Copyright @copyright{} 2010 Rhys Ulerich @email{rhys.ulerich@@gmail.com}}

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

As a special exception, the respective Autoconf Macro's copyright owner
gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify the configure
scripts that are the output of Autoconf when processing the Macro. You
need not follow the terms of the GNU General Public License when using
or distributing such scripts, even though portions of the text of the
Macro appear in them. The GNU General Public License (GPL) does govern
all other use of the material that constitutes the Autoconf Macro.

This special exception to the GPL applies to versions of the Autoconf
Macro released by the Autoconf Archive. When you make and distribute a
modified version of the Autoconf Macro, you may extend this special
exception to the GPL to apply to your modified version as well.
